 Pergerakan air baik dalam berupa uap atau butiran air akan menyebabkan perbedaan potensial. Ini bisa dilihat dalam percobaan kelvin water dropper. Dalam situasi normal dikatakan akan menyebabkan awan menjadi negatif dan bumi menjadi positif. Bila voltase sudah terkumpul banyak, maka petir bisa timbul. Cemenite bisa mengurangi petir. Kemungkinan ini terjadi karena cemenite mengeluarkan negative ion, sehingga mencegah bumi menjadi positif. Karena bumi tidak menjadi positif maka kemungkinan petir berkurang. hanya teori. Moving water vapor and water droplet will create electric potential. So rain will cause lightning. water movement cause clouds to become negative and earth to become positive. Eventually the voltage will increase and trigger lightning. I think cemenite reduce the change of lightning because cemenite produce negative ion, so this prevent the earth from becoming positive. Because the earth do not become positive, so the chance of lightning reduced.. Just a theory.

 No Maurice flat spiral coil have both male and female. While selenoid / tubular coil polarity depend on ratio and winding. Yes, I also think polarity play part in clouds behaviour. Yes, male seems to make water vapor go up. female make water vapor go down. Water vapor can create clouds, which can be triggered by many thing, including orgone device or particle from chemtrails. People usually explain it using negative ion (female/healthy) and positive ion (male/unhealthy). I believe that earth is negative. The sky is positive. There are people that try to get electricity from the sky. One example: https://patentimages.storage.googleapis.com/pages/US911260-0.png Earth is negative, when trees covered the earth it also emit negative ion, so clouds like to form in low altitude in a green area. When something obstruct the negative ion from the earth, the clouds do not like to go low. They go high instead. Electricity also cause positive ion too, which can hamper good energy from the ground. Worse since people use earth ground to dump the bad energy from the grid. Sooner or later, the earth will be filled with bad energy from the grid, so the clouds do not like to go lower. According to science, rain from low clouds is much more gentle than rain from high clouds, cold front vs warm front. Cemenite make water freeze longer, so I think cemenite also make water condensate easier too. Also prevent hail storm because cemenite prevent freezing. Hail storm may happen because male energy make water freeze easier so ice still do not melt even at room temperature. Modern method to induce rain and stop hail storm is to use negative ion. Cemenite make water freeze longer, so I think cemenite also make water condensate easier too. Also prevent hail storm because cemenite prevent freezing. Hail storm may happen because male energy make water freeze easier so ice still do not melt even at room temperature. Modern method to induce rain and stop hail storm is to use negative ion. But I think electricity is bipolar, so if they use the negative, they must dump the positive somewhere. And the place that receive the positive ion may suffer. Someone once told me that the dump the positive deep into the ground. I think that will cause problem later. This is another reason why I avoid anything that have bipolar energy in cemenite. I hope cemenite is truly monopolar, only produce female ion

 
untuk cara pergerakan awan hujan bisa dilihat di folder photo
